fix security docs to match new attestation flow (#2120)
grafana/grafana-operator: docs/docs/security.md

## Verification of container images

Grafana-operator container images are signed by github [attestation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/how-tos/security-for-github-actions/using-artifact-attestations/using-artifact-attestations-to-establish-provenance-for-builds). Executing the following command can be used to verify the signature of a container image:

> > This only applies from grafana-operator version 5.19.0 and forward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This applies to grafana-operator version 5.19.0 and forward
```

> ### Pre-requirement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

- cosign v2.5.0 or higher [installation instructions](https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/system_config/installation/).
- gh 2.72.0 or higher [cli](https://github.com/cli/cli/releases)
- crane [installation instructions](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/blob/main/cmd/crane/doc/crane.md) or oras [installation instructions](https://oras.land/docs/installation)

> ### verify the grafana-operator image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Verify the grafana-operator image
```
